Dominique Pozo: Hi.
Nathaniel Sims: Hey how's it going
Dominique Pozo: It's going pretty well how are you
Nathaniel Sims: Good. I'm sorry I'm late again.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I was
Nathaniel Sims: Trying to get truck tires on my truck.
Dominique Pozo: No.
Nathaniel Sims: No, they didn't have them in stock.
Dominique Pozo: Well, well, what would you like to focus on today.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm not sure.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Um,
Dominique Pozo: Would it be helpful to start with a little mindfulness and kind of connect with yourself a little more deeply.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay. All right, so
Dominique Pozo: Why don't you go ahead
Dominique Pozo: Just
Dominique Pozo: Get
Dominique Pozo: Into a comfortable seated position so you
Dominique Pozo: Can really settle in and close your eyes.
Dominique Pozo: And just bring that attention in words to your breath.
Dominique Pozo: Just noticing the inhale.
Dominique Pozo: Exhale, and the quality of those two action.
Dominique Pozo: Just starting to scan the rest of your body. And notice whatever sensations, he might be feeling or what you become aware of when you actually pay
Dominique Pozo: Close attention.
Dominique Pozo: Just allow your attention to kind of get really loose and let it kind of
Dominique Pozo: land somewhere and then stick to that place where your attention goes and take a few deep breaths. There just noticing whatever it is about that part of your body. Now that hold your attention.
Dominique Pozo: To your feet and just noticing your feet on the ground.
Dominique Pozo: And if you want to kind of lift your toes up a little bit and
Dominique Pozo: Just notice the contact with your feet to whatever whatever some surface. They're making contact. It could be your socks your shoes. The ground beneath you, the floor, whatever it is, just feel the texture of that.
Dominique Pozo: And then bring your attention to your body, your spine and just noticing the
Dominique Pozo: Spine
Dominique Pozo: And then just take a moment to connect with
Dominique Pozo: You know what, if you can shift your attention out your emotional body. What's the most present emotion that you can make contact with
Nathaniel Sims: I'm feeling kind of down today.
Dominique Pozo: Do you have anything trigger that or do you know what that's connected to
Nathaniel Sims: Maybe it's just
Nathaniel Sims: Work or
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know, maybe it's a
Nathaniel Sims: Maybe it's this whole virus thing, you know, not being able to get out.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Dominique Pozo: They real and yeah, definitely. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's
Dominique Pozo: Really valid. So
Dominique Pozo: Is there anything in your, you know,
Dominique Pozo: In your home space that does bring you joy that you can do and connects with
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I got a couple of
Nathaniel Sims: TOXINS THAT I
Nathaniel Sims: Have a fan for a long time and they
Nathaniel Sims: Like my little babies.
Dominique Pozo: Wow, all
Nathaniel Sims: Right. Yeah. You know, there's nothing like coming home to a dog because they
Nathaniel Sims: They don't, they don't know what you're going through what you're doing. They just know that you're home. You know, and they just want to
Nathaniel Sims: Hang out with you, you know, so it's it's kind of like unconditional
Nathaniel Sims: Love. I guess that they show you
Dominique Pozo: Whoa, yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So there's some joy that you're experiencing by having them.
Dominique Pozo: To take care of and to they also give you, they offer you some joy as well.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's nice to have some purpose and meaning that's past work at the moment.
Nathaniel Sims: Mm hmm. Yeah, I am.
Nathaniel Sims: I enjoy. You know that night when I when I walk them like that that's the time to
Nathaniel Sims: kind of reflect, you know, and think about the day and then
Nathaniel Sims: You know, for a while there I I hardly ever got out and walk them.
Nathaniel Sims: But recently, since I've started the program that's kind of been my goal, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: And it's, I find it really therapeutic
Dominique Pozo: Tender. What I didn't hear it.
Nathaniel Sims: I find it. I find it very therapeutic.
Nathaniel Sims: To walk them.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: So, what, what would you like to be doing that, you're not able to do right now so that we can just name it.
Nathaniel Sims: All right, well, I'm a musician, but I haven't been playing music, very much.
Nathaniel Sims: Lately,
Nathaniel Sims: I am also I also like to do artwork and sculpt and paint drawn stuff.
Nathaniel Sims: I have not done that in a long time.
Nathaniel Sims: It for one is like finding the time
Nathaniel Sims: To do it but
Nathaniel Sims: I guess the other thing is like
Nathaniel Sims: Finding a space to do it. And, you know, they're like, I play the drums and that's
Nathaniel Sims: It's not really
Nathaniel Sims: You know other people in the house, don't really enjoy that.
As much as
Dominique Pozo: I
Dominique Pozo: Oh I I played percussion too and I have the neighbors yelling at me sometimes to shut up. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Nathaniel Sims: I gotta find time to do it when they're either go shopping or at work or something.
Nathaniel Sims: But
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, how about the the art making that seems like something that you wouldn't impact anyone else.
Nathaniel Sims: Right, yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: For that, I guess would be like finding a space in the house here to set up a little
Nathaniel Sims: Like I guess a little studio to
Nathaniel Sims: And I have the space at but the space is being taken up by other things. But, I mean, I could, I can move those things around and
Nathaniel Sims: That I have not had the motivation to do that up to this point.
Dominique Pozo: So these things to me. I could be wrong but they sound like things that are accessible to you. Actually, I'm wondering when you said the whole covert things getting to you, does it mean like being able to do that with other people or
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, like hanging out with friends because that's like, you know, playing music, you know, if I can't do it here. I, I used to do it.
Nathaniel Sims: With friends, you know, but everybody so paranoid. They don't want it.
Nathaniel Sims: They. I mean, I get it. They don't want
Nathaniel Sims: That to be brought into the their house, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, it's just been like, yeah, I mean we talked on the phone and whatnot. But it's like trying to actually get together. It's, yeah, that's just been difficult, and then
Nathaniel Sims: I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: Just doing things outside of the house, which is something I
Nathaniel Sims: enjoy doing. And it helped out a lot.
Nathaniel Sims: With my sanity. I guess it has not been
Nathaniel Sims: It has not been here for the last few weeks.
Nathaniel Sims: Just having one on one with other
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Reception keeps going to not I'm
Dominique Pozo: Sorry, I need to blow my nose this bug went up my nose.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: I got it, I got
Nathaniel Sims: It live in
Dominique Pozo: I live on Maui.
Dominique Pozo: On the north shore.
Nathaniel Sims: I have an aunt that lives in Hawaii.
Nathaniel Sims: Oh, OK. We used to go there every other year as a family when I was younger.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Nathaniel Sims: So, I, I've been to. I've been to, I think I've been to every island.
Nathaniel Sims: At least once.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, cool.
Nathaniel Sims: Actually collide and in the Big Island.
Dominique Pozo: Food. Yeah, it's really special. I feel so blessed to be here and
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah yeah i i. That's why I learned how to surf.
Oh,
Nathaniel Sims: And then when I moved to Oregon. I had a friend and he said yes. The surfing is huge in Oregon. And I was like, what he's like yeah, the water's cold but
Nathaniel Sims: You just get a wetsuit, you know, and I said, Oh, wow. Alright, so once I learned that I was out there every weekend, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: That he did say there, there were. It was one of the most populated shores for great whites.
Dominique Pozo: Gosh. Yeah. Yeah. That's scary.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, so, but I didn't run into any
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah, I know it's surfing. It's such a joy. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, when my friends here. They don't believe that I should serve
Nathaniel Sims: Uh huh. Um, yeah, we're landlocked here, but that doesn't mean I didn't spend my summers in a place that had beaches, you know,
Oh,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So, so what can be maybe three actions you can take in the next week to start to bring in some more fulfillment.
Nathaniel Sims: All right, again, guess I would like to
Nathaniel Sims: exercise more.
Nathaniel Sims: I walked that I've been walking the dogs now and that's great.
Nathaniel Sims: But I feel like
Nathaniel Sims: The
Nathaniel Sims: Especially when I get the cravings, the exercising really helps.
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, it really, really helps.
Nathaniel Sims: Me and I want to do that more and then
Nathaniel Sims: The other thing is my art, music, I guess I could
Nathaniel Sims: I could set aside a time where
Nathaniel Sims: I can tell the other people in the house here that
Nathaniel Sims: That I am going to be doing this.
Nathaniel Sims: At this time, and if they could
Nathaniel Sims: Maybe
Nathaniel Sims: Find something else to do outside the house. I'm not disturbing.
Nathaniel Sims: Make a schedule for your music and then
Dominique Pozo: Wait, I want to hear. The third thing, I'm just getting a little busy with the movement, can you
Dominique Pozo: Be willing to just place your phone.
Dominique Pozo: Somewhere.
Dominique Pozo: Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm like, my eyes are going back and forth like I started making my head.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay, I'm sorry.
Dominique Pozo: Thank you. Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: Um, but yeah, I guess I could make
Nathaniel Sims: I can make a little spot and a house here to
Nathaniel Sims: For artwork.
Dominique Pozo: So exercise.
Dominique Pozo: The artwork made, you know, asking for
Dominique Pozo: Your, your roommates to
Dominique Pozo: Kind of work with you so that you can have some time and space to do that express
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: Oh,
Nathaniel Sims: Reading
Nathaniel Sims: I have. I used to read a lot
Nathaniel Sims: And I've collected a books with the intent of reading them.
Nathaniel Sims: But I haven't been doing that, but I'd like to, I'd like to get back to reading
Dominique Pozo: What is what's what is one of the first book, you would want to read and pick up
Nathaniel Sims: I have a book by the drummer Travis Barker, who is for the band.
Nathaniel Sims: He plays for the band blink 182
Dominique Pozo: I don't know. Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: And he, he went through a series of drug addiction and he actually almost died him and one of his best friends were in a plane crash.
Nathaniel Sims: When they were on tour.
Nathaniel Sims: And he survived, but his friend didn't
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: After that, he, he became addicted to pain pills, because of the, the, all the surgeries and whatnot, that they did.
Nathaniel Sims: But anyway, he wrote the book. It's called. Can I say
Nathaniel Sims: And it talks about him coming up through the band.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: And then, and then getting through his addiction.
Nathaniel Sims: But I, my, my mom gave that to me for Christmas and I haven't read it yet.
Hmm.
Dominique Pozo: Great. That sounds like a good one really maybe something you can identify with and and possibly get some hope from
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And there's there's another great book by Anthony kiedis from the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It's called
Dominique Pozo: Scar tissue. Have you read scar tissue.
Nathaniel Sims: No, I, but I know who he is. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: It's a really good one to he he really shares his journey with addiction.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, yeah, I'm very familiar with his history.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well those sound like three pretty concrete and doable things
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah. Seems like just taking some action and maybe getting getting yourself.
Dominique Pozo: Engaged on was gonna, you know, potentially support, support you.
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, yeah, that's, I just, you know, once I
Nathaniel Sims: Once I start something you know I I pretty much finished it, you know, so
Nathaniel Sims: I know that if I just like set up a schedule for the music and I set up a spot for the art.
Nathaniel Sims: And I set up a time to read
Nathaniel Sims: I'll do it. I just need to take that first step.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Did we watch. Did we watch that.
Dominique Pozo: Ted Talk by Mel Robbins, did I play that for your group.
Nathaniel Sims: No I while you might have, but I hadn't seen it. No.
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna play it for you. It's really great. I think it might be
Dominique Pozo: Inspiring for what you're talking about.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm gonna share this now.
Dominique Pozo: Let me know if you can hear this. Just give me a thumbs up if you could hear it.
Do it. And the reason why I want you to do. It is
Dominique Pozo: Can get
blinding light. Hi, everybody. How are you fine. Oh my gosh. Okay, so my name is Mel Robbins. And for the last 17 years I have done nothing but help people get everything that they want.
Within reason my husband's here.
Nathaniel Sims: And so I've done it in the courtroom in the board room in the bedroom in people's living room, whatever room. You want to be in. If I'm there. I will help you get whatever you want, by any means necessary.
Nathaniel Sims: For the last three years I've host I host a syndicated radio show, five days a week, I go live and 40 cities and I talked to men and women across America who feel stuck. Do you know that a third of Americans feel dissatisfied with their lives right now.
Nathaniel Sims: That is 100 million people. That's insane.
And I've come face to face with it. And this new show that I'm doing which is also insane. It's called in laws. I move in with families across America.
Nathaniel Sims: You guessed it, who are at war with their in once
Dominique Pozo: Move them into the same house.
Dominique Pozo: I verbally assassinate everybody
Nathaniel Sims: We opened up Pandora's box and I get people to stop arguing about the donuts and who's hosting Thanksgiving dinner and talk about the real stuff. And that's what I want to talk to you about
I'm here for you.
I'm going to tell you everything I know. In less than 18 minutes about how to get what you want.
So I want you to take a millisecond right now. And I want you to think about what you want. You and I want you to be selfish screw Simon in the we think this is about me right now.
Sorry, Simon.
What do you want, and here's the deal. I don't want it to sound good to other people.
being healthy will not get your ass on a treadmill losing your man boobs. So you could hook up with somebody. Now that's motivation.
Nathaniel Sims: So I want
Dominique Pozo: To know what do you want, do you want to lose weight. Do you want to triple your income, do you want to start a nonprofit. Do you want to find love. What is it, get it right here. You know what it is. Don't and analyze it to death. Just pick something that's part of the problem.
You won't pick
So we're gonna be talking about how you get what you want.
And frankly, getting what you want is simple.
But notice I didn't say it was easy.
It's very simple.
In fact, if you think about it. We live in the most amazing moment in time so that thing that you have up here.
Whatever it may be. You want to use healthy eating to cure your diabetes, you want to figure out how to take care of the elders and start a new hospice center you want to move to Africa and build a school, guess what, you could walk into a bookstore right now.
And by least
10 books written by credentialed experts on how the hell you doing
Dominique Pozo: You could Google it and you can probably find at least I don't know 1000 blogs documenting the step by step by step transformation that somebody else is already doing. You can find anybody on cyber stalk them.
Nathaniel Sims: You can just walk in their footsteps and let that, you know, just use the science of drafting follow what everyone else has done because somebody else has already
So why don't you have what you want when you have all the information that you need. You have the contacts that you need. There are probably free tools online that allow you to start a business or join a group or do whatever the heck you want
It all comes down to one word.
Dominique Pozo: Shut the front door. You know what I'm talking about.
Nathaniel Sims: The F bomb. It's everywhere.
Dominique Pozo: You hear it all the time and I honestly don't understand what the appeal is of the word. I mean, you don't sound smart when you say it.
And it's really not expressing how you really feel
It's sort of a cheap, you know, shot to take. And of course, you know, I'm talking about the word
Fine.
Nathaniel Sims: How you doing, I'm fine.
Nathaniel Sims: Oh really, you are dragging around those extra 40 pounds, you're fine. Feeling like roommates with your spouse and you're fine. You haven't had sex in four months, you're fine.
Really
I don't think so.
But see, here's the deal was saying that you're fine. It's actually genius. Because if you're fine. You don't have to do anything about it.
Nathaniel Sims: But when you think about this word, fine. It just makes me so angry. I mean, here we are at a conference about being alive and you're going to describe the experience of being alive as find a flimsy and feeble word
Nathaniel Sims: Your crappy say your crappy if you're amazing say you're amazing. Tell the truth. And this not only goes for the social construct. Oh, I don't want to burden you with the fact that I hate my life for you. I am amazing but that would make you feel terrible. The bigger issue.
The bigger issue with fine is that you say to yourself.
That thing that you want. I guarantee you, you've convinced yourself that you're fine, not having it.
That's why you're not pushing yourself.
Nathaniel Sims: It's the areas in your life where you've given up where you've said, Oh, I'm fine. I, my mom's never going to change. So I just can't have that conversation. I'm fine. You know, we gotta wait until the kids graduate before we get divorced. So we'll just leave in separate bedrooms.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm fine. I lost my job. I can barely pay my bills, but whatever. It's hard to get a job.
And, you know, one of the reasons why this word also just annoys me so much is scientists have calculated. Oh yeah, I'm coming down. Scientists have calculated the odds
Of you being born.
That's right. They've crunched the numbers. I see you up there.
They have crunched the numbers on you. Yeah, I know you guys standing up. You want to sit down for this. They've crunched the numbers on you being born.
And they took into account all of the wars and the natural disasters and the dinosaurs and everything else. And do you realize that the odds
Dominique Pozo: The odds of you. Yeah, right here, put your computer. We stand up for me, Doug.
So the odds of Doug. Your turn around. Say hi to everybody, the odds yeah of Doug. Doug being born.
At the moment in time. He was born to the parents. You were born to with the DNA structure that you have
100 or no one and 400 trillion
Isn't that amazing so lucky. Yes.
Nathaniel Sims: You're not fine. You're fantastic you have life changing ideas for a reason. And it's not the torture yourself.
Dominique Pozo: Thank you. Thank you, Doug.
Nathaniel Sims: You know, Christy was right when she said all of you could be on stage because all of you. We're all in this category one and 400 trillion
All day long, you have ideas that could change your life that could change the world that could change the way that you feel and what do you do with them.
Nothing.
Hopefully I won't moon, you
Didn't pay for that.
And I want you to just think for a minute because we all have. I love to use the analogy. The inner snooze button.
You have these amazing ideas that bubble up right you've been watching people all day and I guarantee you, like, you know, ping pong balls. Boom, boom, Mama, mama, mama got idea with
Me and every time you have an idea. What do you do it says
What's the first decision you made this morning.
I bet it was to go back to bed.
Nathaniel Sims: First decision today morning
And I get it, your bed is comfortable. It's cozy it's warm if you're lucky, you've got, you know, like somebody that you love next to you or in my case, I've got my husband and my two kids and possibly the dog.
And the reason why I'm bringing up this first decision that you made today and the inner snooze alarm.
Is because in any area of your life.
That you want to change any
There's one fact that you need to know.
Just one.
You're never gonna feel like it.
Ever
No one's coming motivation isn't happening. You're never gonna feel like it.
Scientists call it activation energy. That's what they call the force required to get you to change from what you're doing on autopilot to do something new. So try this test tomorrow. You think you're so fancy. I know you're attending
Try this.
Tomorrow morning, set your alarm for 30 minutes earlier.
And then when it goes off, take those sheets, throw them off and stand up and start your day.
No snooze no delay. No, I'll just wait here for five seconds is Mel's not standing here.
Do it. And the reason why I want you to do it is because you will come face to face with the physical and I mean physical force that's required to change your behavior.
Do you think that somebody who needs to lose weight ever feels like going on a diet, of course.
Do you think they ever feel like eating boiled chicken and peas instead of a croissant. I'll think so.
The activation energy required to get your ass away from your computer and out your front door to go on the walk. You said that you were going to go on is the exact same amount of force that it takes you to push yourself out of a warm bed and into a cold room.
What's interesting about being an adult is that when you become a teen
Nobody tells you that it's now going to be your job to pair it yourself.
Dominique Pozo: And by parent yourself. I mean, it's your job to make yourself do the crap. You don't want to do so you can be everything that you're supposed to be. And you're so damn Busy waiting to feel like it.
And you're never going to
Dominique Pozo: My son never feels like getting office ds. That's my job. Get off the damn ds.
Dominique Pozo: Candle clean up the Barbies. If you're going to have a nude party in my bag, please clean and
Dominique Pozo: God shoe with your mouth closed in a barn, for crying out loud.
Dominique Pozo: Alright dinners coming. Get out of the pantry.
As parents, and you are a kid your parents make you do the things you don't feel like doing because you won't
Ever
Dominique Pozo: Not now, not, not ever.
And even when you get good at something you'll figure out something else. You don't want to do
And then you'll plateau and you'll get boring. I hate this. This is boring. But we look for. No, no, you'll just bitch about that one.
Nathaniel Sims: It's very, very simple to get what you want. But it's not easy.
You have to force yourself.
And I mean force.
And the reason why I use the word force when roz's up here and talking about the emotion tracking and share the picture of the two sides of the brain.
Dominique Pozo: I look at the brain, the exact same way. Only I described one side of your brain is autopilot and the other side is emergency brake. That's the only two speed you get autopilot emergency brake and guess which one your brain likes better autopilot.
Nathaniel Sims: You've had the experience where you've driven to work right.
Dominique Pozo: You get there, like, oh my god, I remember driving here.
Nathaniel Sims: You're drunk.
That was your brain on autopilot. It was functioning just at this level.
And the problem with your mind is that anytime you do anything that's different from your normal routine. Guess what your brain does emergency brake.
And it has that reaction for everything. Everything you walk into the kitchen and you see everybody's left their breakfast dishes for you and you think for the hundredth time I'm going to kill them. In fact, I'm gonna leave them here and I'm gonna make them do it.
But that's not your normal routine. Is it your mind goes to the break.
Dominique Pozo: And you go right into autopilot. I'll just load it and be kissed not have sex.
Nathaniel Sims: So when I say force anything that's a break from your routine is going to require force.
Dominique Pozo: And if you think about your life. It's kind of funny because we, you know, are kids. And then we become adults we spend so much time trying to push our life into some sort of stable routine. And then we got bored of it.
He wake up at what the same time every day you have largely the same breakfast you drive to work the same way you show up at work. You look busy.
You avoid making calls you update Facebook you attend a meeting and doodle. The whole time you go back and update Facebook and make plans for the evening you love busy some more.
Than you drive home the same way, largely the same dinner or, you know, variety of it, you watch the same kind of media and then you go to bed and do the same thing all over again. No wonder you're bored out of your mind.
It's the routine that's killing you.
I have this theory about why people get stuck in life. So most of you have probably taken your basic psych 101 class and you've bumped into Andrew Maslow's hierarchy of needs.
Well, your body is kind of cool because you have these basic needs and your body is wired to send you signals.
If you are hungry or I mean if you need food. What do you feel
If you need water. What do you feel
Nathaniel Sims: If you need sex. What do you feel. Thank you.
Nathaniel Sims: I think when you feel stuck or dissatisfied in your life. It's a signal and it's not a signal that your life is broken. It's a signal that one of your most basic needs are not being met.
Your need for exploration
Everything about your life about your body grows, your cells regenerate your hair, your nails everything grows for your entire life and your soul needs exploration and growth and the only way you'll get it is by forcing yourself to be uncomfortable.
forcing yourself.
To get outside
Dominique Pozo: Out of your head. Thank you. If you're in your head, you're behind enemy lines that is not God. Talking Okay, it's not
Dominique Pozo: In fact, if I put a speaker on it and we broadcast what you say to yourself, we institutionalize you
Dominique Pozo: You would not hang out with people that talk to you the way you talk to yourself. So get out of your head.
Your feelings, your feelings are screwing you I don't care how you feel. I care about what you want and if you listen to how you feel when it comes to what you want. You will not get it.
Because you will never feel like it.
Nathaniel Sims: And you need to get outside your comfort zone. It's not about taking risks, it's about getting outside your comfort zone those first three seconds.
Dominique Pozo: When you push yourself out of bed. They blow.
But once you're up. It's great.
Those first three seconds when you're sitting here in a studio or stadium like this. And somebody says, Get up and come dance and you think, Oh, I should do that. And you're like,
That experience that you had where you had the impulse
To do it.
And then you didn't do the activation energy required to force yourself, your emergency brake uphold I'm sitting right here. I'm not going up with those crazy people. I don't like the dancer, Amy. Amy, Amy. Amy, Amy.
What happened for me is I came up and I bumped into Rachel and then we started talking and next thing you know she's tweeting and we're friends and boom, get outside. That's where the magic is that's where the one and 400 trillion exists.
So everything I do. Oh wait, okay, this is the last part. Sorry. So one more thing that you can use. I call it the five second rule.
Your mind can process a facial expression in 33 milliseconds.
It can move pretty damn quick
The other thing that it does very quickly, is if you have one of those little impulses that are pulling you
If you don't marry it with an action within five seconds.
You pull the emergency brake and kill the idea, kill it.
Dominique Pozo: If you have the impulse to get up and come dance while the band is playing. If you don't stand up in five seconds you're going to pull the emergency brake.
Dominique Pozo: If you have an impulse about you are inspired by somebody speech today and you don't do something within five seconds, write a note send yourself a text anything physical to marry it with the idea, you will pull the emergency brake and kill the idea
Dominique Pozo: Your problem isn't ideas. Your problem is you don't act on them.
You kill them. So I'm mindful. It's not anybody's fault you're doing it to yourself, stopping
Nathaniel Sims: I'm counting on you. One and 400
Dominique Pozo: Trillion you got stuff to do.
Dominique Pozo: And it's not going to happen in your head. So I want you to practice this today.
When we go off to party. Thank God it's coming soon. So I think we all could use a cocktail.
I want you to practice the five second rule you see somebody and you think they have that impulse. They look interesting walk over there.
You were inspired by somebody and you have a request, make it. That's why you're here.
Nathaniel Sims: Experiment with it. And I think you'll be shocked about what happens. And one more thing. You know, I want you to know that everything that I do, whether it's the radio show or the TV show or the book that I wrote or the column. It's for you.
And if there is anything that I can do.
If I can do anything to make you do the things you don't want to do. So you can have what you want.
I will do it, but you need to walk over you need to open your mouth and you need to make the request.
You got it.
Good go do it.
Dominique Pozo: So would you think of that.
Nathaniel Sims: That's good. I liked it. I liked.
Nathaniel Sims: It was like
Nathaniel Sims: You know why why tend to make excuses for stuff, you know, like
Nathaniel Sims: But basically what she was saying is
Nathaniel Sims: Don't make an excuse. Just do it.
Nathaniel Sims: And see what happens basically
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, the activation energy. I really like that you know the energy that it takes to get out of bed in the morning is the same energy it takes to to follow through with that impulse or thought that
Dominique Pozo: Could lead to who knows where
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, that yeah, set your alarm clock 30 minutes earlier and then
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: That that motivation or whatever that activation is
Nathaniel Sims: That's, that's all you need really to get something done that you haven't completed or
Nathaniel Sims: Finished.
Dominique Pozo: One.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I mean, I think you named really clearly three things you can do to start activating
Dominique Pozo: Your, your reality so that you're not just buying or even down, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Because I really hear how much you you want to move through this. I've, I've heard it in group I I hear it today.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, yeah, I'm just, I'm just
Nathaniel Sims: So,
Nathaniel Sims: just tired.
Nathaniel Sims: The repetitive.
Nathaniel Sims: Act of being a drug addict and
Nathaniel Sims: It is exhausting.
Nathaniel Sims: I just I want, I want to evolve. I wanna
Nathaniel Sims: I want to be like a butterfly. You know, like
Nathaniel Sims: Come out of my shell and fly away, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think you're you're in that process. I think where the caterpillar, dude. Does the cocoon and kind of disintegrates.
Dominique Pozo: And and has a complete metamorphosis before it becomes the new thing. And that's, that's a big process that transformation.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's really a death of that old way and
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Oh yeah i mean i
Nathaniel Sims: I want I want that so bad right now. I mean, that's why I'm here. You know, that's why I signed up for this program.
Nathaniel Sims: I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: I just doing this for 20 years and that
Nathaniel Sims: I just have no
Nathaniel Sims: Mental fulfillment, it's just
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Do you write lyrics Nathaniel for your music making
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I do.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm gonna give you homework and you know it's up to you to do it or not, I'm not gonna like
Dominique Pozo: penalizing you don't do it, but
Dominique Pozo: I'm going to invite you to either through your art making your sculpture or writing a song.
Dominique Pozo: You know, sometimes that takes a week or two to really work it but and I know you can at least get started.
Dominique Pozo: Right about to this transformation process, you know, and maybe not directly. You want to be the butterfly. But, you know, just I would use that as your kind of the theme and the inspiration and then
Dominique Pozo: Really focus on that. It seems like such an alive theme that I imagine a lot can come through. If you really open yourself up to
Dominique Pozo: To work in it.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So yeah, I mean, the word can just be butterfly becoming butterfly. And then from there, just go with it, roll with it.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: Cool.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Awesome.
Nathaniel Sims: That sounds like a good homework assignment.
Dominique Pozo: Good, yeah, it's my prayer that it's enjoyable. You know, I, I feel like, Gosh, why do anything if it's not enjoyable. Really, and I, I know this is coming from a different place because I haven't dealt with.
Dominique Pozo: Abuse substance addiction and abuse to opiates. I haven't dealt with that yet. I can relate to addictive behavior and and i think the recovery process can be fun, it can
Dominique Pozo: It doesn't have to be miserable. Sure. Physically withdrawals can be really intense. I imagine, but the process doesn't have to be miserable. So I really want to invite that it can be an opportunity to be really creative.
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I think so too.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great. So let's look at, um, let's look at the calendar and then just you tell me if you can pull up your calendar right now, when, when would you like to meet next for individual therapy.
Nathaniel Sims: Let's see here.
Dominique Pozo: I actually have you down for 7pm. On May 28
Nathaniel Sims: Okay, let's see.
Nathaniel Sims: That that works for me. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Does it work.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah haha
Dominique Pozo: OK.
Nathaniel Sims: I can do that.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay. So we'll just plan on that then. And I'm wondering if we just keep that as a regular time moving forward.
Nathaniel Sims: If anything comes up, how I can just, like, you know, and then
Nathaniel Sims: We can go from there. I mean with with this last thing.
Nathaniel Sims: Around this time, I'm usually doing a lot of traveling or and trainings.
Nathaniel Sims: But
Nathaniel Sims: That's does this virus. I'm, I'm pretty much here. So I think, I think that'll work for me.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. And
Dominique Pozo: There's something that happens, I've experienced it with my own therapy process of having a regular time of the week, something happens with the psyche, where it prepares for that time and it oftentimes
Dominique Pozo: I've noticed and witness to that when it's really consistent, the day before the session or the day of an hours before things start to bubble up and stir up. It's pretty cool.
Dominique Pozo: Like the psyche starts to to ready itself to go on a, you know, on a deeper dive around the process.
Nathaniel Sims: Oh yeah. Gotcha. Yeah, that makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: So yeah, let's keep this time and day in time for now and if something comes up. Of course we can change it. But yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well, I wish you a great evening. And I'll see you in group next week.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay, you too. Thanks a lot.
Dominique Pozo: You're welcome. Bye bye. Bye.